6 6 there
placed in sixth place
the first broadcast
the first broadcast there was doubt
in June 2009
and in Amsterdam in the small studio it even worse the then 50 companies
from the region
and I was then asked by an albers not in it
a kind of station directors
violated that can talk about its own radio program
there was a kind of dream come true
because I always am
As a small child listening to the radio that literally goes on the radio schedule
from the upper mountain
and I just knew yes
I think radio is magical radio
what makes radio nice for me is that radio
maki tsuji now x current
you can get something from the past to now but I can't get it from the future either
an album still has to be released or an hour or
a party that arrives that you can now also finish that is the power of radio and that
in front of the radio the boy sends someone watching television through the front door
with all due respect you have to go through the front door
you still have to share a room and a camera is often nevertheless from people
that is the threshold
it is radio is much intimate it has been a year and me
I talk to the listener about the liebaut list
and I think that tia I am also a big fan of radio plays
stimulate people's imagination and that is what radio does
versus new music
and the radio is everywhere too
with you you know where is your boyfriend the boat box or whether that your car radio or
no matter what you are doing radio always goes with you
yes so by the unbelieving role in ours
yes society it is music it is
information m
yes you can always build a big band with your boots radios
continue to exist and that power
that's why I started with radio
so you are asked
why
I was asked for an Albert I have been there everywhere for a long time that all three met
from which they get out of the jeep that
and the week before he had been there in the studio
with koen van tijn to a number of his broadcasts
to attend and do nothing there and
yes i think so
that he saw that something in me I also always had a clear overview
a big fan of its value program for boxes seems like a test
and that wasn't either
been once with 3fm when i made that and i'll get to know you if
plates and
due to its strange program also ruble through even region with the of a residential area
in and an inspection
I call the delivery yes
stated programs on the netherlands if I am sick I say
I have the luxury with Jansen 3voor12
all those radio programs together made most fascinating by it
phenomenon
radio the power of radio and i assumed i still have home and the cupboard full of
all cassette tapes
from that time
and with the interviews and the conversations and
the real radio freak nancy that you sit that chance that you have and that you then
it is worth yes nostalgic yes I listen very often while running
party leader
resumed within one week after all episodes of production
He was founded in 2003 a long time ago that I keep the time that I am on
headline
what I like so much about the way in which curry is presented
mb the choice of plates of the mill dike that just
the rest of the union
and he turned everything together into a full house to rock hard
Twente Tecno and
that all went well when it turned out that it became all common one denominator
they viewed that with all turned so viewed
and I wasn't old enough to go to a discotheque myself
it so i got my
in education in the Danish actually had through those radio programs as
thanks guys
you go get it suppose we send
m
the box
the state because this time there was a neat because i found it funny
bit fat there nothing for what it wants to make anniversary match over it
number of tumors always goes
Only then don't tell themselves so seriously about the announcement
pile the plates
so certainly in the store yes that you can no longer imagine makes the scheme
very satisfied with it
what to say now as a precaution on television was then and on the radio
curry matches that
just an old man up the stairs in the radio studio and he would rather stay home
Stocks program of the Friday night Friday night year and that was between 17
and that it totally contains a narrow boxes really where the minister ben liebrand
and unico glorie the pieterman mario pieterman and
yes that was
that was culture i know there was a neat in it was really one of the members
can be set that was real
if it really is very bad
was really a very different time but
I grew up in that time and I was immediately fascinated